Final Table List

Name: Species
    Type: Data
    Description: Contains information on each entomological species that the archive has data on. This allows the smaples in the collection
                 to be related to their larger species and allows users to view general information on each species.
    Primary Key: binomial name, taxon
    Fields:
        Binomial name
        Taxon (FK)
        Photo 
        DNA Barcode
        
Name: Samples
    Type: Data
    Description: Contains information on all the specimen that the archive currently holds in its collection. This allows staff to
                 view the full list of their collection and potential requestors to view what specimen are available for loan.
    Primary Key: sample id
    Fields:
        Sample id
        Binomial name (FK)
        Taxon (FK)
        Length
        Coordinates collected

Name: Enthusiasts
    Type: Data
    Description: Address and contact information for all people who have requested bugs. This allows archive staff to send 
                 samples to the appropriate address and allows them to contact a requestor in the case that a request must be denied.
    Primary Key: enthusiast id
    Fields:
        Enthusiast id
        Enthusiast first name
        Enthusiast last name
        Enthusiast street address
        Enthusiast city
        Enthusiast region
        Enthusiast zipcode
        Enthusiast country
        Enthusiast email address (req.)
        Enthusiast phone number (not req.)

Name: Requests
    Type: Linking
    Description: The request from a user to the archive for a specimen held in the collection that is available for loan. 
                 Request information allows archive staff to fulfill requests and keep a history of what requests have been fulfilled.
    Primary Key: Enthusiast ID; sample id; request date
    Fields:
        Enthusiast id (FK)
        Sample id (FK)
        Request date
        request fulfilled

Name: Classifications
    Type: validation table
    Description: A taxonomic classification; such as kingdom, order, or genus; along with its superclass. 
                 This allows species to have a fully defined taxonomic hierarchy.
    Primary key: taxon
    Fields:
        Taxon
        Supertaxon (FK)

Name: Tags
    Type: validation
    Description: Additional descriptors related to species. These allow the species to have more descriptors, 
                 allowing them to be more easily searched through.
    Primary Key: tag
    Fields:
        Tag

Name: Species Tags
    Type: linking
    Description: A descriptor applied to a species.These allow users to find a list of species that are all related to a specific descriptor or list of descriptors.
    Primary Key: binomial name, taxon, tag
    Fields:
        Binomial name (FK)
        taxon(FK)
        tag
